chore: Remove Bintray to Cloudsmith announcement (#38)
autonomic-tmc/tmc-auth: README.md

- [Maven - pom.xml](./examples/maven-example/pom.xml)
- [Gradle - build.gradle](./examples/gradle-example/build.gradle)

> > Are you using a different build tool other than Maven or Gradle? Or, are you interested in just browsing what is available in our repository? Or, do you just need to download `tmc-auth`'s required jar files directly? You can find everything you need in our [Cloudsmith](https://cloudsmith.io/~autonomic/repos/au-tmc-oss/groups/) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Are you using a different build tool other than Maven or Gradle? Are you interested in just browsing what is available in our repository? Do you just need to download `tmc-auth`'s required jar files directly? You can find everything you need in our [Cloudsmith](https://cloudsmith.io/~autonomic/repos/au-tmc-oss/groups/) repository.
```

I think you can remove the `Or,` based on this article:
https://www.grammarly.com/blog/comma-before-or/

> > Are you using a different build tool other than Maven or Gradle? Or, are you interested in just browsing what is available in our repository? Or, do you just need to download `tmc-auth`'s required jar files directly? You can find everything you need in our [Cloudsmith](https://cloudsmith.io/~autonomic/repos/au-tmc-oss/groups/) repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Are you using a different build tool other than Maven or Gradle? Or, are you interested in just browsing what is available in our repository? Or, do you want to download the jar files required for `tmc-auth` directly? You can find everything you need in our [Cloudsmith](https://cloudsmith.io/~autonomic/repos/au-tmc-oss/groups/) repository.
```
